Installing the Jafer Registry Web Site
--------------------------------------

These installation details are written for Apache Tomcat.

There are two steps to installing the web screens:

1) deploying the war file
2) registering the microsoft uddi website certificate

Deploying War
-------------

Place the JaferRegistry.war in the tomcat webapps directory and 
start the server. This will extract the JaferRegistry.war file 
and create a new directory under webapps called JaferRegistry. 
Once this is done the website should be available by entering: 

http://163.1.3.13:8080/JaferRegistry

Note 163.1.3.13 is the address of the server you have installed 
tomcat on. This can also be set to localhost if running locally.

Once completed you should be able to view the welcome screen and 
use the search functionality. You can not logon till the 
certificate has been installed. 'Unable to obtain autorisation token'
will be displayed if you attempt a logon.


Registering the Microsoft UDDI Certificate
------------------------------------------

Logon requires a HTTPs connection to access the Microsoft UDDI website.
For the java code to use this connection the Microsoft certificate 
must be registered in the java JRE certificate store.

Tomcat uses the Java JRE at the system variable $JAVA_HOME.


To install:

1) locate the JRE directory under JAVA_HOME
2) Change directory to JAVA_HOME/lib/security
3) Copy the file MicrosoftUBR.cer from webapps/JaferRegistry into this driectory
   
4) Run the following command line

../../bin/keytool -import -v -trustcacerts -alias uddi-alias -file MicrosoftUBR.cer -keystore cacerts -keypass changeit -storepass changeit

5) You should see some HEX characters for the key.
   Enter 'yes' and press enter to accept the key
   
6) Restart tomcat and you should now be able to logon.

If you still get error 'Unable to obtain autorisation token' then check:

a) you installed to correct JRE
b) the MicrosoftUBR.cer included in the distribution has not expired.
   If it has obtain a new one and repeat above directions by going to 
   	https://uddi.microsoft.com/login.aspx?publish=true
   	Click on padlock select 'details tab' and then 'copy to file' button
   	

